Trent edits 20230927 (#82)
jessegmeyerlab/proteomics-tutorial: content/03.biochemistry-basics.md

The human genome encodes more than 20,000 different proteins.
Each protein is present at a different abundances.
Previous studies have shown that the concentration range of proteins can span over a range of at least seven orders of magnitude to up to 20 000 000 copies per cell and that their distribution is tissue-specific[@DOI:10.1038/msb.2011.82][@DOI:10.1016/j.cell.2020.08.036].

> Due to genetic variations, as well as alternative splicing and post-translational modifications, multiple different proteoforms can be produced from one single gene (Figure X) [@DOI:10.1038/nmeth.2369; https://doi.org/10.1038/s41587-023-01714-x]. (images/intro-centralDogma-proteoforms.png){#fig:SPE tag="3" width="50%"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to genetic variations, as well as alternative splicing and post-translational modifications, multiple different proteoforms can be produced from one single gene (Figure 1) [@DOI:10.1038/nmeth.2369; https://doi.org/10.1038/s41587-023-01714-x]. 

![**Proteome Complexity**
There is more than one protein product from each gene product due to alternative splicing and post-translational modifications. 
This means there are likely many more unique "proteoforms" than there are genes. 
Some estimates are upwards of 1,000,000 unique possible protein sequences.](images/intro-centralDogma-proteoforms.png){#fig:proteoforms tag="1" width="100%"}
```
